Update TensorFlow plugin documentation (#2328)
NVIDIA/DALI: docs/installation.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Also, there is a weekly release channel with more thorough testing. To access most recent weekly

> builds please use flowing release channel (available only for CUDA 11):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
builds please use the following release channel (available only for CUDA 11):
```
If you already say it's only available for CUDA 11, I am not sure if line 165 still applies

Author: Removed
